PD-1907 / 25.10 / Pd 1907 update contributing apps docs content for new website (#3761)
truenas/documentation: content/Contributing/Applications/AppArticleTemplate.md

## How to Use this Template

> Click **Edit Page** above or locate the Markdown template at [`content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md`](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web/blob/main/content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md) in the [TrueNAS Apps Repository](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web).

Reviewer: to differentiate from the actual apps repo

```suggestion
Click **Edit Page** above or locate the Markdown template at [`content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md`](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web/blob/main/content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md) in the [TrueNAS Apps Market Repository](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web).
```

> Click **Edit Page** above or locate the Markdown template at [`content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md`](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web/blob/main/content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md) in the [TrueNAS Apps Market Repository](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web).

Reviewer 2: Do we want to review and alter the template to match how resource articles are currently configured on the apps-web repo?
```suggestion
Click **Edit Page** above or locate the Markdown template at [`content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md`](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web/blob/main/content/resources/AppArticleTemplate.md) in the [TrueNAS Apps Market Repository](https://github.com/truenas/apps-web).
```

keywords are search tags for the article to assist with Internet searches. -->
<!--
---

> title: "App Name"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "APP_NAME Deployment"
```

> description: "Description and resources for the TrueNAS community application called App Name."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Provides installation instructions for the APP_NAME application in TrueNAS."
```

> train: "community"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
related_app: "/catalog/APP_NAME"
GeekdocShowEdit: true
geekdocEditPath: "edit/main/content/resources/FILE-NAME.md"
```
